You guys, I’m quite tired today,
I went to rest.
Dad, I'm more of a foodie.
Dad, I’m still having dinner at your house.
Your brother, you have something to do,
Later, I will be immortal,
I heard it, and then I was right,
How is our house doing now?
Let someone arrange it, Dad.
While my wasteful eldest sister is not here,
You ask him to get out of all the companies in the company,
From now on, our lives will be secure.
Isn't that right? I've been thinking about it recently.
This is true, you have more experience than me,
Anyway, we are going to blow up the tree.
After getting back at each other with his eldest sister, we finally got a surprise
Don't worry, I'm very experienced in keeping our best interests at bay.